# AST_IRES_2020_APP

For the Java project, I have the ASTProducer.java file which takes in the given directory and will make a list of all .java files to make AST's out of. These made AST's from the java parser will be stored in a new file with the same found name with a .ast extension in the same place it was found. In the ASTProducer.java file there is additional code to be able to reverse print the code found from the generated file and code to print the ast generated to a a new file with the same found name with a .txt extension. These two additions are optional so therefore I have commented out these two marking where they are commented out. The ASTProducer.java file will have an associated pom file and I will post the full project in a separate spot within this repository. The "java -jar IRES2020-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar path_to_given_directory" command will produce the ast files needed. The IRES2020-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar can be found in the target folder of my java project posted above. 

For the Python project I have the Ast.py file which will like the java project will make a list of all .py fileds found within the given directory and all sub-directories. For each .py file, it will make a new file with the same found name with a .ast extension in the same place it was found and put the tree made in that file. The tree is made through the imported AST library and it is printed to the file using pprintast which can be installed and handled by a few steps using the requirements.txt associated with the project. The command "pip3 install --requirement requirements.txt"  will utilize the one thing needed to be installed and will allow the AST.py to run properly.
